fix(charts): Added missing flag (#2870)
fluxcd/flux: docs/references/daemon.md

| --git-set-author                                 | false                    | if set, the author of git commits will reflect the user who initiated the commit and will differ from the git committer
| --git-gpg-key-import                             |                          | if set, fluxd will attempt to import the gpg key(s) found on the given path
| --git-signing-key                                |                          | if set, commits made by fluxd to the user git repo will be signed with the provided GPG key.

> | --git-secret                                     |                          | if set to true and a .gitsecret directory exist in the root of the git, flux will execute a "git secret reveal -f" in the working git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| --git-secret                                     |                          | if set and a `.gitsecret` directory exist in the root of the git repository, Flux will execute a `git secret reveal -f` in the working clone before performing any operations
```
